CTP fixes (#921)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-arch-test: ctp/src/req.adoc

* All tests have SystemVerilog coverpoints
** Use standard syntax compatible with Questa, VCS and Xcelium (regression on at least Questa)

* All testing collateral (tests, test generators, coverpoints, frameworks, documentation, etc.) owned by RVI and distributed under an open-source license

> ** Hosted on the riscv-arch-test GitHub under the stewardship of Architectural Compatibility Test (ACT) SIG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All testing collateral (tests, test generators, coverpoints, frameworks, documentation, etc.) are owned by RVI and distributed under an open-source license
** Hosted on the `riscv-arch-test` GitHub under the stewardship of Architectural Certification Test (ACT) SIG
```
